Add a note about usecases for the clone and backup tools for later ve… (#2296)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_cloning_satellite_server.adoc

= Cloning {ProjectServer}

> You can clone your {ProjectServer} to create instances to test upgrades and the migration of instances to a different machine or operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can clone your {ProjectServer} to create instances to test upgrades and migration of instances to a different machine or operating system.
```

> This is an optional step to provide more flexibility during the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an optional step to provide more flexibility during the upgrade or migration.

```
I would separate the info below to another paragraph.

The {Project} clone tool does not support migrating a {SmartProxyServer} to {EL} 8.
Instead, you must backup the existing {SmartProxyServer}, restore it on {EL} 8, and then reconfigure {SmartProxyServer}.

> You can clone the {ProjectServer} to create instances for trying out upgrades and the migration of instances to a different machine or operating system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can clone your {ProjectServer} to create instances to test upgrades and the migration of instances to a different machine or operating system.
```

This is an optional step to provide more flexibility during the upgrade.

> +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: I think you can move this note to a small snippet. I made a suggestions to the wording above.
